Fig1-a : Variant reads against total reads for each mutator and each polymerase. We only take into acount mutations from C:G to T:A (cytosine desaminase) in the targeted region. Batch A
Fig1-b : Variant reads against total reads for each mutator and each polymerase. We only take into acount mutations from C:G to T:A (cytosine desaminase) in the targeted region. Batch B
Fig1-c : Variant reads against total reads for each mutator and each polymerase. We only take into acount mutations from A:T to G:C (adenine desaminase) in the targeted region. Batch B
Fig1-d : Variant reads against total reads for each mutator and each polymerase. We only take into acount mutations from A:T to G:C (adenine desaminase) in the targeted region. Batch A
Fig2 : Average mutation number per Kilo Base in the non targeted region versus in the targeted region for each polymerase. plasmid without polymerase are not taking into account.
Fig2+ : Average mutation number per Kilo Base in the non targeted region versus in the targeted region for each polymerase. plasmid without polymerase or without mutator are not taking into account.
Fig3 : Average mutation number per Kilo Base for each mutator and polymerase (minimum depth : 30)
Fig3+ : Average mutation number per Kilo Base for each mutator and polymerase. Comparison between batch A and D is shown where it exists (minimum depth : 30).
Fig.4-a : nul
Fig.4-b : number of differents mutations for each mutator/polymerase, showing the strand of occurence (reverse or forward). Batch A
Fig.4-c : number of differents mutations for each mutator/polymerase, showing the reaction that may have caused the mutation (cytosine deamination or adenine deamination). Batch A
Fig.4-d : number of differents mutations for each polymerase, showing the strand of occurence (reverse or forward). Batch A 
Fig.4-d+ : number of differents mutations for each polymerase, showing the strand of occurence (reverse or forward). We do not consider the plasmids without mutator. Batch A 
Fig.4-d++ : realtive number of differents mutations for each polymerase, showing the strand of occurence (reverse or forward). We do not consider the plasmids without mutator. Batch A 

ATTENTION all the fig4 are in mutation COUNT (!= mutation number)

Fig5 : cool
